Nice Starbucks. Love the theme and as always good service
Open most of the day. Short streetcar or bike ride from home. Central to the major French Quarter/CBD party locations. Friendly staff and baristas.
This location (700 Canal) will be shutting for the day at 10am with Zulu and Rex parades. Normal schedule resumes tomorrow.
Close to home. Open early morning. Open until night. Can get my fix most anytime of day!!!! Awesome and amazing baristas & staff!!!
Due to the parades tonight closing at 6pm. Heads-up!
Long lines but moves quickly
I like the pink sleeves they've been having. Makes me cheery, or is that the beautiful blonde roast in my cup.
Big and spacious shop with friendly and awesome baristas and staff, clean and comfortable restrooms entered by a code obtained from the staff or baristas.
Major dislike: Homeless/transients taking up space paying guests could be using. Some trying to sleep and beg for change. Some crazy people come in and make rude or insane comments at guests- especially females. 
Front island outlets do not work presently. Table outlets may not work either.
A great place to work on the free WiFi.
Great ambience and character, and the baristas were super nice!
Close to home. Easy streetcar/bicycle ride. Open early & open somewhat late. Always opportunity to drop in for my fix! Awesome and professional staff and baristas. My faborite location being that it's central to everything.
Restrooms available to paying customers & some of the cleanest on Canal St due in part to a code you must obtain to unlock the door.
Very close to home. Nonsmoking. Friendly staff and baristas. My favorite location!!! :)
Always something good to eat, drink, and fun.
The staff here is always so friendly! Honestly though, the seating is not very comfortable. Wouldn't want to camp out here for a long time.
Close to home. Almost always open. Friendly staff and baristas. Central to CBD and Quarter. However "tourist central". Everyone visiting for conventions or other drops in. At Mardi Gras when the parades get rolling will be parade central for almost EVERY parade in New Orleans proper. Busy will be too mild a term for what's about to happen!
Not far from home. Central to Quarter and CBD. Open early morning through evening. Awesome staff and expert baristas. My favorite location! Free WiFi! Da best of everything! :)
Free WiFi, open early, open til evening/night, friendly and awesome baristas, staff & managers! Close to home. Awesome place to relax with a great cup of coffee, and whatever! My favorite location!
At participating Starbucks locations, use your receipt code to go online and enter it on site. You "MIGHT" win Starbucks for life. It entails ONE beverage or food item ONCE per day for 30 years. Promotion ends January 5th!!!
Rainy days are never too crowded! Perfect!
My favorite location. Open early morning until late evening. Can get my fix almost any time of day. I love the staff and baristas. I love my lagniappe rewards program!!!! :)
Pearl harbor
Always something hot, fresh, and delicious to eat and drink throughout most of the day everyday 5:30am until the 9pm closing time. Always great and friendly baristas and staff. Awesome lagniappe rewards program with special offers and such I get before the rest of the general public!!! I love my Starbucks  forever!!!
Awesome location. Friendly staff and baristas. Open early, open til late evening.
One of the best starbucks is nola. They remembered both me and my drink after two visits
This place is amazing, unlike any Starbucks I have ever seen.
The new vanilla macchiato is awesome!! I got it skinny, probably better with the full fat and cal count.
Open early. Friendly baristas. Awesome drink craftsmenship. Close to home. Central to everything in the Quarter or CBD. Happiness lives here!!!!!!
This place has a long line by it moves fast
Awesome location, baristas,
Love a Peppermint Mocha to keep warm while I explore the city on a foggy night.
Try their seasonal favorites , like their latest x-mas flavor
Oh and the bathroom code today is 21416.
The new order ahead feature is AWESOME!
Free WiFi & power plugs.  Bathrooms
Need coffee not booze
Big location, lots of seating and cool vibes.
Slow service, even for Starbucks. Servers with bad attitudes. Awful.
Had the new flavor but not like it so much.
Funny, quick baristas. Cool artwork and plenty of room to hang out.
Spacious. Wifi works good. Restroom is okay.
What is up with the rude workers here?
Large and spacious! They could add a little New Orleans music in the rotation to match the city though.
Great break stop!! Very clean and cold.
Who runs out of coffee sleeves in the middle of winter. So lame...